December 13th, 2025 : 12am

I've done a bit today, it's something atleast.

It beats starting up the protect with the idea and not doing anything because of lack of motivation,
I go to do something else then I forget...

I guess the main thing I really wanted to talk about in the first entry would be the versioning system,
might dive a lil bit into my "philosophy" of making this too with how messy the code is / will be.

So, versioning system. My latest obsession lately, god...

The versioning system sofar is kinda simple? Right now it's ev1, "Early Version 1". First version of the early ones,
where I'll be testing out ideas n shit before I start, or even get close to starting on a final release.
Speaking of which that's the next thing, I'll probably prefix it with rv for "Release Version", I say it'll work.

I think for hotfixes and patches I'll probably add suffixes to the end like "p5" for the 5th patch for the version,
or "f2" for the 2nd bugFix update for the version so we could get a version called "rv6f4" or "rv6p5". I know it's a bit...
Bleh... on the saying of it. But once you get used to it, it works. And it beats calling it v6.5 where everyone's so used to
semver where they'll think : oh! v7? major update les gooo! or v6.6? minor update, maybe some new content, where actually v7 
could be either a major or minor, you'll just have to go see, but when an f or p appears at the end you know : "oh its just
a patch update".

And my brain will be screaming at me again and again until I manage to make something where I make or
use a Custom Versioning System (example on existing CVS': 26.1 (minecraft (java)), 26h1 (windows)).

Philosophy time!
"Fail faster" or whatever people say now (I'm 14 sounding 40, lord.) Basically I'm just trying to get content out.
Not in a desperate attempt to make money, I'll have the game free on itch and you can donate anything you want to support me.

I just wanna make something. That's it. And the faster I do it less worrying on all this code optimization and
organization and cleanliness. The faster I can make something I can be proud of.

Cause being clean sometimes comes at a sacrifice.

In this scenario probably, I can't think of anything IRL...
Actually... My room being cleaned because of someone else (my mother) comes at the sacrifice of "personality" you could say since
it's not whatever vision I had for my room. (Not like I do much besides sitting at my desk or laying on my bed...) And the other
scenarios I came up with were related to crimes n homelessness so... I'll let your brain roam for that.

Anyway, It's 12 am. I'm goin' to bed.

Fun Fact:
This project started because of a video called "if life were a video game, this would be the full soundtrack"
by semiquaver. It just, calmed my brain down and I could think.